# fulibYaml v1.0.0

# fulibYaml v1.0.1

# fulibYaml v1.0.2

# fulibYaml v1.0.3

# fulibYaml v1.1.0

* Bumped version number.

# fulibYaml v1.2.0

## New Features

+ Added the `ReflectorMap.canReflect` and `.discoverObjects` methods.
+ Added the `Reflector.getOwnProperties` and `.getAllProperties` methods.
+ Added the `YamlGenerator` class, a more streamlined API for converting events to YAML.
+ Added the `IdMap` class.

## Bugfixes

* Fixed an exception when `YamlIdMap` discovers objects of unknown types. #15

## Improvements

* `YamlIdMap` no longer appends auto-incremented numbers to IDs if not necessary. #16

## General

* Transitioned many APIs from concrete implementation types like `ArrayList` or `LinkedHashMap` to their respective 
  interfaces like `List` or `Map`.
  > In places where this could not be done in-place, new APIs were added and the old ones deprecated.
  > See the respective Javadocs for migration info.
* Deprecated some misplaced or accidentally public APIs.
  > Check for deprecation warnings and see the respective Javadocs for migration info.
* General code cleanup and minor optimizations.

# fulibYaml v1.2.1

## Bugfixes

* The `ReflectorMap.discoverObjects` methods now use breadth-first search.
  > This restores the previous order in which `YamlIdMap`s were serialized.

# fulibYaml v1.3.0

## New Features

+ Added support for enums in property values. #12
+ Added support for `byte`, `short`, `char` and corresponding wrapper types in property values.
+ Added the `YamlGenerator.quote` methods.

## Improvements

* The `Reflector.getValue` and `.setValue` methods no longer silently ignore exceptions within the invoked methods.
* The `Reflector.getValue` and `.setValue` methods now cache target methods to improve performance.
* Changed the algorithm used by `ReflectorMap.setValue`.
  > It now tries to invoke all *public* `set` and `with` methods in the order in which they are in the bytecode.
  > Coercions (varargs, string to primitives) are performed as needed.
  > Note that it does not perform full overload resolution, so results may differ from calling the appropriate setter normally.
* The `Reflector.setValue` method now supports the `with` overloads generated by Fulib v1.2.
* The `YamlIdMap.encode` method can now handle collections of values.

## Bugfixes

* Fixed the `YamlGenerator.encapsulate(String, Appendable)` method appending the value twice.

# fulibYaml v1.4.0

## New Features

+ Added the `Reflector.removeValue` method for removing links and multi-attribute values using `without` methods. #18 #20
+ `YamlIdMap` now also serializes properties from superclasses and interfaces. #24

## Bugfixes

* Fixed an exception when serializing an object with an empty ID. #21 #22
* `Reflector.getOwnProperties` no longer returns properties from superclasses and interfaces. #23

# fulibYaml v1.5.0

## New Features

+ Added the `Yaml` class with a new simple API. #25

## Improvements

* `ReflectorMap` can now resolve fully qualified class names. #26
* `YamlIdMap` now uses fully qualified class names for encoding. #26
